Now we are getting into
the monitoring aspect of our billing.
So we've seen about billing alarm and billing metric.
So we know that the billing metric is only stored
in the region us-east-1 in CloudWatch,
and this will be a nice graph that looks like this.
And then the data in the us-east-1
it is aggregated for all your regions in AWS.
It corresponds to the actual cost,
not for the projected cost.
And then you can create the billing alarm
on top of the billing metric.
It's a simple alarm.
It's not as powerful as budgets
as we'll see in the next slide,
but this will be helpful to send you an email notification,
for example, in case you go over a certain threshold.
And on the graph right here I set my threshold to $70.
And so as soon as I crossed the $70,
I received an email notification.
So we've seen billing alarms, so I won't go over it again.
Next we have budgets.
We haven't seen budgets yet.
So budgets are very helpful to send alarms
when costs exceed the budget,
or when a forecast also exceeds the budget.
So we have four types of budgets we can create,
usage, cost, reservation, and savings plan.
And for Reserved Instances
it can track the utilization of them.
It supports EC2 Reserved Instances,
ElastiCache Reserved Instances, RDS and Redshift.
And it supports up to five SNS notifications per budget.
So we can send emails, trigger another function, and so on.
And we can filter by service, linked account, tag,
purchase option, instance type, region, AZ,
API Operation, et cetera, et cetera.
You actually get the same operations
as in the cost explorer,
and their first two budgets are going to be free,
then you're going to pay $0.02 per day per budget.
So for the budget we can just in the console enter Budgets
and we are taken into the budget console.
So we can see we have one budget we have created
from before called Don't go over $10.
And we see we exceeded it.
This was the budget,
this is the amount used and the forecasted amount,
and the current versus budgeted amount.
So it's just because I've been using my account a lot,
so I went over it.
But we could go and create our own budget if we wanted to.
And we have two options.
Either we use a template and we have one of these options,
or we do and want to customize the budget,
and we have the four options
that I discussed with you before.
So cost budget, usage, savings plan,
and reservation budget.
So just to go again over the cost budgets,
if I click on it
I'm able to have a look at my cost data over time.
Then I can enter my budget name.
So, DemoBudget.
Then we can set the period.
Is it a monthly budget, a daily, quarterly, or annually?
Is it recurring or expiring?
And when does it start and when does it end?
So it's, say it's a fixed amount of $10 again.
And then we can filter the budget scope.
So we can have all AWS services if we wanted to,
or we can filter for specific AWS cost dimensions.
For example, we just want to have a look at a filter.
And the filter being that we want the service
to be only EC2, so elastic.
EC2-Other, for example.
Or if we go here, we can have a look at other things
such as, for example, the Key Management Service.
So you can apply this filter
and then see what is your actual budget
regarding these two services.
So we can definitely drill down into our budget
and make it the way we want to, which is super nice.
Then we can click on Next.
And then we have budget alerts.
So we can add an alert, a threshold, and, for example, say,
"Hey, at 80% of the actual budgeted amount,
then send me an email."
And we can set up emails right here.
Or we can say, for example, and I can say,
"stephane@example.com."
And also we can add another one.
For example, say, "At 80% of the forecasted amounts
right here on the right hand side,
then again, send me an email at stephane@example.com."
And the cool thing is that here on this graph
you can see where the thresholds lie
and then where we are at, and so on.
We can also, if you wanted to, drill down all these costs
in Cost Explorer because the two things are linked.
So that's it.
I won't go over creating that budget,
but we've seen all the options
and now we understand how AWS Budgets can be used.
So I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.